hey everyone welcome back so I wanted to
do this video especially since Jim
sharks are doing such a big sale Oh
starting today at 3 p.m. at least if
we're in England it starts ter 3 p.m. I
don't know what it is in other countries
but I'm not here to like be one of their
promoters for free or anything this is
not sponsored this is just what I've
been seeing from people that are big
fans of Gemma Charlotte and I mean as
most people watching this obviously you
probably would have seen it grace
Lauren Whitney I don't know if Nikki's
done air but so many people have been
doing a guide to Jim sharp and their
Black Friday sale and I thought one why
do people need a guide like just why is
it needed really you know the sizing
really should be consistent across the
whole page like the whole website that
you don't need a guide so many people
can be a small and one thing and a
medium in another and it's just a bit
crazy really that you need a guide to be
able to buy clothes I mean I know a lot
of companies have sizing charts and
stuff like that and lots of people I've
seen I have to ask to be able to find
the right gym leggings from Jim shark
and I mean in all of my gym sharp
leggings and I mean I have a lot of them
I'm even in a pair you know I I do I'm a
small in all of them I mean these blue
flex leggings and the ones I'm in
these ones I probably could have done
with sizing up to a medium because
there's just for some reason there's not
much material from the crotch to the
front and then far too much material
from the the crotch up to the waistband
it's just it's crazy whereas if I pull
up the old ones I mean although again it
seems to be like hardly any there's
actually more in this then there is some
the new ones so I mean I prefer wearing
these they make the booty look better
than any of these and they don't one
either give you camel toe or you know I
really kind of make that area of
prominent until they come up past the
belly button whereas these other two
pairs I have done and I mean most people
want Jim sharp because it's high-waisted
and all of that I mean the area from the
back again there is just there's far too
much space but I mean I'm sure for a lot
of people that's better than not enough
and it being kind of crappy
but it's just it's a shame as well as
like the material of like these ones
compared to this I mean this is so soft
I love wearing these ones that are my
absolute favorite Flex leggings you like
these ones and one I'm wearing they
don't the material is not half as soft
it's just they're not as comfy to wear
I mean I'm 5'4
it's always ruffled at the bottom I mean
I prefer to have the ruffle then like
ankle singers I cannot do that it just
it bugs me so in all the leggings they
all roughly at the bottom for me and I'm
5'4 and I'm in a small so there seems to
be an issue with like lots of material I
mean I have long legs the five four I
mean I'm long in the legs
the arms and short in the body so like
that seems to be an issue then the other
issue which I'm not saying there like
any I'm not saying any of that athletes
lie I'm not nice I'm just not but what
is it with people that buy it not
athletes get these leggings and then
that's what Bruce where as you can see
the athletes and I mean enough is the
grace or busy bee or anybody else I mean
I love them they're amazing but how do
they fit in small and extra small with
their booties and it's not see-through
how
like
I mean I don't I don't want to say to
James out there like quite clearly
they're giving their athletes the higher
quality leggings I don't want to say
that's tall it was like probably not
true or anything like that but that's
what a lot of people think now I mean
the fit leggings for them is either like
their their upper body leggings or I
mean you can't see look like I can now
see you guys
like
there you go that's my father it's crazy
you score in these and Wow
yeah everyone can see everything like
I'm not even kidding
everyone can see everything I mean I
absolutely love the fit leggings they've
got the little clear band in there which
you can see like across the gym shot
logo energy and why not I mean that is
like an amazing idea because it does
keep them held up I mean a lot of the
time you could walk around I'm going to
pull you like hands back up because
they're falling down so that was an
absolutely amazing idea but they're seen
hurry right come on I mean I know Jim
Shelton on for the Flex leggings and
they now know for the seamless leggings
over whole seamless collection really
the you can't just let off the leggings
slide because something else is really
popular I mean just dying please like I
really like these and I would love them
in other colors and I mean I was
watching watching James Joslin the other
day actually watching her yesterday and
she had to stick the peach emoji in the
way of her but when she was squatting
while she was out in LA because they are
see-through and it's just like that's
not right since they're doing more
outfits more collections why make them
seafood
why have them seep through and that
seems to be a big thing across the whole
of the range I mean I've got a little
mother mesh I can't quite remember what
they're called they've got the mesh down
here they look really really nice like
the pocket you bet I mean they are
absolutely lovely again these are
see-through and it's like I haven't been
really like learn these because they
have pockets and like so much of juice
shop stuff doesn't really have pockets
that fits like an iPhone in it
for some goddamn reason people have
small pockets and massive funds quite
clearly clothing places hate women
because I bet guys pockets nice I bet
but again like they're see-through and
so I either have to wear a really long
vest a really long table or I can't wear
them on leg day so that's cool
thanks the others again back to the
sizing I mean I stood in line I brought
into the gym shop height height and I
stood in line at the pop-up store and
then probably for about 3-4 hours
awesome but I did get two leggings I've
got three of the neck Nikki leggings
unfortunately the red feet color
whatever the hell junk shop calls it I
ended up picking them up in an extra
small and not too small so that's fun so
I've been trying to sell them ever since
to get a small I mean I love them like
these fit beautifully slide on these I
wrestle with them to get them on and I
wish I wished that they'd put online
somewhere or somebody had said sighs the
fuck up okay seriously I tried these on
geez
like I wasn't sure it's going to make it
I mean even now they've been washed
they've been won they're still
challenged Rosalie's slide on
beautifully I just I don't get out I
also got one of her sports bras the only
sizes they had was extra small and
medium and now I went down on the size
decision I mean I can't squeeze myself
in but like I mean I don't have big
boots or anything
they start popping out everything that
doesn't know the top I can wear to the
gym it's feeling like you know I'm
having to pull it back like I kind of
feel like I'm a stripper
when I wear it but it's just like in
five seconds the boobs are just gonna be
like flying out everywhere like look
kamini so that's going to be worn like
just under top we're just mark was like
no one can see again sizing cool
brilliant cuz I mean my sports bras yeah
I probably could for international aid
can easily actually I like to have a bit
more compression up there because
there's not really anything there so it
doesn't really matter you know where you
got boobs to squish or anything and why
not just that'll really not this bullet
problem so I thought yeah it just won't
be fine at that 9 again somebody really
needs its tell me to be side up then the
last not one of the last it's like you
can see on this the logo is beginning to
fade now if I show you these lounging
ones it's actually beginning to peel and
I mean I do love the like that
everything I'm gonna show you on that
one
they're like half of it is this like
disappearing the eyes going we've got a
bit up learn missing so I mean I know
that I don't know what that is that what
kind of material that is I know there's
like issues with it and I know like if
you have it in swimwear or anything that
it also does the same but you'd think
they'd come up with something a little
more durable especially since like gym
shuffle is such a well known brand now
people want to wear it all the time
but you know it goes casually paying off
on the side of your leg because you've
worn it every day that week because it's
brand new and you love it which I mean
who would it it's Jim shark they're
amazing picture like those peeling off
great that will the piece there is a
stones the conch splits now I mean I've
been so goddamn lucky I don't know how I
mean touch friggin word like touch word
I've been so likely but none of mine
have split I mean I've seen so many
girls complain and they're like the Flex
leggings have split down the crotch like
first day into the squatting or that the
seamless collection a lot of people have
problems the seamless collection which
is why I have not actually bought any
because one the price of it wasn't
really worth it to me I mean they make
you leggings I was on one that paid for
it's like the again at the price of the
Nikki leggings just because they've got
Nikki's name on them wasn't so sure on
it I mean I love the price likes
leggings too dreamy leggings which will
be the next ones are looking to gain
because they look beautiful and I mean
I've got a pink thing going on now and
there's pink ones damn they look nothing
but I will look forever to stay away
from the seamless but there's so many
people squatting and just having every
hip I mean that's that's just not my
thing I really don't need to be there I
mean I'm not he the mainly I work out at
home so like they're not being squat
pretty for anything isn't really a big
deal because
no one's really gonna see my ass because
I can just squat a different way to the
camera and it's all cool they're like a
gym I mean I can't regulate my body
temperature which means I have to kind
of walk around in sports bar or a
desktop so if it doesn't cover my booty
everyone be starring at it which isn't
what it welcome and I really don't 1/3
energem with Mike my seamless leggings
that can fly and then like squat happy
and be like watch it rekt what just
ripped then to look down and be like oh
yeah needs to my underwear cool no I
mean there's so many people have
complained about that I've seen it so
many people unlike Facebook words for
different workout guides post pictures
of like getting in touch with Jim shark
I want to say services but it would be
it would be customer services and
because say it's been over three months
and they explained you get not even half
of your money bag to spend on something
else if Jim shark which I mean is fine
but he said they've only got a three
month warranty
oh but if you've paid like 4050 pounds
that forgetting seen this collection
crap and it spits on you after three
months and you only get like 15 20
pounds back I mean one what the fuck do
you buy for that is your joke
like what and to
like that's cool you've just been left
with split leggings that can go in the
bin after three months I mean I can get
better leggings from Primark that are
last me at least a year and be three
pounds and I can pretty much guarantee
they probably wouldn't split on me so I
mean I'm not dissing jib shot I'm not
hating on them or anything it's just I
feel their quality they need to up their
game it started off great
they grew big in the five years they've
been running they thought shit we need
to get more out we lower the quality get
more because it's cheaper and send it
out know people will probably happily
wait to get more for better quality
like I'm not going to buy any more fit
leggings because I know they're gonna be
soo sorry but I'd happily wait like
three freakin months for you to get the
thickest best material and then I buy
them it seems like like a no-brainer I
mean I know once companies get bigger
they try and get things out quicker but
you can't rush quality and I don't think
you should like I think it should just
be left alone or whatever's working for
you let it do its thing you know
but that's just me that's what I'd do I
mean yeah he's done an amazing job of
creating his company and it being is so
big and having so many influence or
athletes one of the freaky one coulomb
and having such a massive following but
to level the quality that just it's a
shame because sooner or later everyone's
gonna be like Jim sharks so overrated
and then he's gonna be left with like
nothing and all those athletes are gonna
disappear because they're gonna get
better off for somewhere else I mean
it's not a dig of him I mean I think
it's done amazing but you really do but
up the quality and like he consistent
with sizing because that's all people
seem to be asking now it's like what
size should I get I miss this size hips
this size waist this size bus what size
should I get and here it shouldn't have
to really be asked I mean there were a
sizing guide on the website because it's
just it's like very hard for people and
to have to have your athletes doing
guides to Jim shark to show what sizes
they wear and what sizes people should
get it's just it's crazy
especially since like busy bee and a
massive legs and buoy fitting an extra
small and I bet you my legs aren't half
as big and now it's my backside but I
bet I could not fair and then extra
small there is probably no way in hell I
would so I don't like it
but I mean I loved your shots I will no
Stephanie keep buying from Jim job
because it's awesome and the flex that
being suggested I don't actually have
any touching with your chuckles I can't
talk about jobs but top seem to be
a-okay
so that's cool yeah I just thought I'd
get this out there I mean I've seen a
lot of people complaining about Jim
sharp lately especially the seamless
collection and since are they going to
be doing up to 50% gonna say oh it's
like I can imagine a lot of people just
seeing the price drop and buying and
then regretting it later when everything
splits or it's not all great and dandy
and yay but anyway I hope you've enjoyed
this video I hope it's been a bit of an
insight into Jewish Ark and what so many
people have been thinking and what I
keep hearing and seeing everywhere I've
been very lucky that my dream shot
clothing hasn't ripped anywhere or
hasn't torn I mean yes I have some see
free ones why did he watch layer
see-through I think it's only really the
Flex leggings and the Nicki collection
that aren't but I guess that's we come
with getting cheaper quality clothes but
I still love Jim Shaw hug I've still buy
from Jim shark and I will probably very
much enjoy the sale that's about to
happen but anyway I hope you enjoyed
this video I hope you've taken something
away from it and I will see you and the
next one thank you for watching